docs: refactor and rewrite (#171)
web-fragments/web-fragments: docs/src/pages/documentation/middleware.md

![web fragments middleware](../../assets/images/wf-middleware.drawio.png)

#### Offloading scripts

> A key diffefrentiator of the web-fragments approach, is that the fragment (or micro-frontend) scripts are not only loaded but also offloaded when browsing away from a reframed view or destroying the element, with the consequent release of memory and mitigation of memory leaks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A key diffefrentiator of the web-fragments approach, is that the fragment (or micro-frontend) scripts are not only loaded but also unloaded when a web fragment is destroyed. This ensures efficient memory usage during long user sessions and mitigation of memory leaks which occur in large web applications too frequently.
```
